Docs: Overrides v2 (#2237)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/building-sections/overrides/use-cases/overrides-use-cases-overview.mdx

> <header>

Reviewer: we should create a `_meta.json` file here just to make this docs in order:

1. Override use cases (this overview)
2. Add other icons option to the Alert component
3.  Add an image to your Alert component

<img width="1292" alt="image" src="https://github.com/vtex/faststore/assets/3356699/226537fc-019f-4359-a67c-b90819f714e0">

Author: Good point, Fanny! Since this doc will be in the developer portal, I don't think we need to worry about creating the `_meta.json` file here. However, I'm going to include this order there.

# Overrides use cases
</header>

> The Overrides Use Cases show how we implemented section overrides, explaning the context, 
> how we implemented, and what happened as a result. These examples can help you understand and go beyond with this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Overrides Use Cases show how we can implement section override by providing context, implementation process and what happened as a result. These examples can help you understand and go beyond with this feature.
```
